Gwenevere Abriel: Bethany.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for group just now at nine o'clock. We're going to go with eight people just write a brief note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just verbatim everything Erica said, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just try to catch every word also verbatim for for Shawn, so we can sort of fill in that that note he texted that he was having a stomachache, and I reviewed with Dr. Solomon his text.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may just
Gwenevere Abriel: Copy and paste it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah for Monday.
Clicking right along.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I do need to do my thing with this note the database is not open so I gotta do a little dance around
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got everything you need for today, you're comfortable on the floor. We do do some em, Dr. You have to tall objects in which to have the bilateral stimulation
Bethany Shadid: Say we're on my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: The last
Gwenevere Abriel: Few days been for you on an emotional level.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: I just realized this is it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I still have to open up a note. So we're doing good.
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: Mixed mixed feelings. I'm passing a kidney stone.
Bethany Shadid: Wasn't sure
Bethany Shadid: What to do medicine wise really tried to avoid taking extra
Bethany Shadid: Because they don't want to go up anymore.
Right.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: So, um,
Bethany Shadid: I I'm
Bethany Shadid: Down. Well, I was down to six, which is good. And now after taking
Bethany Shadid: Three days of a little bit more admits and back down to 6.5
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Um, I kind of went
Bethany Shadid: And made this weekend.
Bethany Shadid: I'm all about
Bethany Shadid: Doing stuff. I enjoy
Gwenevere Abriel: Me what you did.
Bethany Shadid: Lots of arts, crafts pulled it all on the tools outs.
Bethany Shadid: And weights.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I really enjoyed that got some fun stuff done.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: In addition to my own stuff going on some other stuff came up like
Bethany Shadid: My sister lives in Seattle.
Bethany Shadid: And she went to join in the protests out there.
Okay.
Bethany Shadid: And told me that I was the only one that was telling
Bethany Shadid: Because she don't want you know anybody else in the family to worry your have to deal like my pens don't understand. So I was really nervous. After watching the news and seeing, you know, everything on fire and
Bethany Shadid: But she's okay um and she wasn't there for that part of it. No, I think.
Bethany Shadid: She went, you know, to
Bethany Shadid: Support
Bethany Shadid: But not pillage as what's going on right now so that that's really sad talking to her about that too. Um,
Bethany Shadid: And then a friend to friends that I work worked with
Bethany Shadid: Had a
Bethany Shadid: Crazy falling out. And, um,
Bethany Shadid: It was something that I was able to give
Bethany Shadid: A lot of perspective on. I have a friend that's very similar to me in giving all the trust and everything right up front and
Bethany Shadid: Not some
Bethany Shadid: You know, waiting to you know make sure the person is, you know, worthy of
Bethany Shadid: Having that trust.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: So that was interesting being on the other side of it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you advised her because when we teach something in reinforces that deep knowing you know
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, yeah. Well, and I told her to. I say, you know,
Bethany Shadid: You're I told her, I said, You're, you're a lot like rule I see it. You're a lot like me you have very big hearts.
Bethany Shadid: And you are eager to help and
Bethany Shadid: Be there for people and you put yourself out there right away.
Bethany Shadid: Even when that person hasn't demonstrated that they are
Bethany Shadid: Not worthy. What was the word that he
Bethany Shadid: Deserved that or
Bethany Shadid: Can be trusted with that. Yeah, and
Bethany Shadid: She
Bethany Shadid: She said, Yes, it takes me a minute but now I see her true colors.
Bethany Shadid: And I'm done.
Bethany Shadid: But the other girl because I know both of them, she's in a much
Bethany Shadid: Different place she's
Bethany Shadid: Four kids single mom.
Bethany Shadid: Teenage parent. Yeah, and came from a really rough background and she's used to the drama and chaos and lies and everything. And so when you get somebody like myself or my friend.
Bethany Shadid: In a situation with somebody like that.
Bethany Shadid: I mean, I've been in that situation, many times.
Bethany Shadid: It's
Bethany Shadid: Can be disorienting when the person completely flips or
Bethany Shadid: They're upset about something that you're, you know, you don't understand, like,
Bethany Shadid: This girl slipped out because
Bethany Shadid: She's, she's jealous. She's afraid that her friendship is
Bethany Shadid: She's not the priority friend like she's losing another one. So instead of saying something like that she flips out the other way and gets angry at her and
Bethany Shadid: Tries to make it like you, you're doing this wrong.
Bethany Shadid: So anyway, so that was that was interesting.
Bethany Shadid: But I
Bethany Shadid: As far as like myself and
Bethany Shadid: I'm that that was distracting. All that was very distracting and I I knew I needed to be good to myself.
Bethany Shadid: I did all the crafting stuff and try to
Bethany Shadid: You know, stick with some of the new habits that I've been putting in place and stuff.
Bethany Shadid: But I did catch myself.
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: Kind of
Bethany Shadid: Going back to that thought pattern like one day I didn't go on my walk, but I have seen kidney stone right but I caught myself going to that.
Bethany Shadid: Negative place of see
Bethany Shadid: You know you can't do this or you can't maintain this kind of thing.
Bethany Shadid: And I caught myself, almost like it's a like I am passing a kidney stone.
Bethany Shadid: Chill out
Bethany Shadid: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't work. Did that not stopping work.
Bethany Shadid: It did. It did. Actually, I was like, This is ridiculous. I can miss a date of walking without throwing all the progress. I've made out the window, you know,
Bethany Shadid: And so
Bethany Shadid: I went the other way, with all of my taking care of myself and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, had you not done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Remember how that day could have gone
Gwenevere Abriel: Some days were in pain Sundays we gotta cut ourselves slack other days we got really high energy and boy we ambitious other days at something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicely done really sounds like it was a graceful meeting of just your human nature just. There it is.
Bethany Shadid: And I've
Bethany Shadid: Had to learn to be okay catching myself going back to that you know what i mean i in the past.
Bethany Shadid: If I even catch myself going there.
Bethany Shadid: I'm upset, like, oh, next time I can't even go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: So yeah, I'm trying
Bethany Shadid: To know kinder to myself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that that label that you did that it. That's the troublemaker. So, yo. See you, you had to use a tool.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, silly.
Bethany Shadid: I will go ahead
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd rather hear from you.
Bethany Shadid: I will say that
Bethany Shadid: The other thing that came up for me was my parents.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, my mom texted me
Bethany Shadid: A picture of the cake that she did.
Bethany Shadid: For a wedding, which I was kind of like how is anybody doing a wedding right now, whatever. Um,
Bethany Shadid: And it and it said, you know, she she was like, I, I miss you, you know, hope we can see you sometime and my parents had asked me last Sunday. If I would come over
Bethany Shadid: And you know I told them. It wasn't a good time. Right. And I said, but I'll let you know when I can come over and I hadn't gotten back to them about it. And so my mom.
Bethany Shadid: You know texted me that message and I immediately kind of went to that guilt place and later my, my dad texted me and was just like, love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and I
Bethany Shadid: Was feeling so guilty. Right. And I read, you know, I was like, I'm going over the stuff in my head like
Bethany Shadid: I realize how something that little
Bethany Shadid: That manipulation.
Bethany Shadid: Is so ingrained right where you can just say,
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: For anybody else it would just be like hope we can see you sometime, that would be great. You know, like nothing else but i i read so much into it because I've been trained
Bethany Shadid: And I know this is hard.
Bethany Shadid: I started going down this path in my mind.
Bethany Shadid: And I was just kind of trying to observe
Bethany Shadid: You know where it was going. And I realized
Bethany Shadid: That I was
Bethany Shadid: Having like an argument in my head with them.
Bethany Shadid: Going over
Bethany Shadid: Like blaming them for my
Bethany Shadid: Issues.
Bethany Shadid: And why and justifying and if you only knew how this affected me and
Bethany Shadid: Over. Over. Over. Like all of the dirt and all of that hurt and all of the
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: It will it
Bethany Shadid: Hi, then stopped and
Bethany Shadid: I was like, this isn't helpful. Okay, um,
Bethany Shadid: I was like, I
Bethany Shadid: I know I so desperately wants
Bethany Shadid: To like have them sit down and me be able to say everything and be understood and believed, but that's not reality and
Bethany Shadid: There's, I realized that that's
Bethany Shadid: A very slippery slope for me to go to that.
Bethany Shadid: Place where I want to help and change them.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: So it's like one step to another as I'm like making this connection in my head like, okay, that's why.
Bethany Shadid: I want to help and fix and have them understand and grow because I want this kind of relationship with them.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, but that's not
Bethany Shadid: That's not going to happen. I can only, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Work on me.
Bethany Shadid: And accepting what they're able to give me his parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a high pitch. You just want real high. What does that mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: What they have to give parents
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: It feels like when I get there. When I'm telling myself, you know,
Bethany Shadid: I need to appreciate
Bethany Shadid: What they're able to give me
Bethany Shadid: It feels so little.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's right. That's right. That's your you're registering the BS part. Let's do inner personal and I know this is hard.
Bethany Shadid: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to represent either your mom or your dad right now and let's do that hard stuff where you intermittently make eye contact and you tell me how I have screwed up your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much as you can.
Bethany Shadid: Like you're my mom or my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can move and change as you needed to
Gwenevere Abriel: But tell me,
Gwenevere Abriel: Understood and believed. That's what you want.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much as you can, intermittently make eye contact with me while you're doing it, all the better for you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And paying attention to how it feels.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So get your breath away from right up high, bring you down here. There we go. Let those shoulders drop
Bethany Shadid: I find myself wanting to explain
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you instead be a little brat be the hands on the hips.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you get to be loud. You're rational
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't go too sad. I don't have a right to be angry. Yeah, there you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have to be logical, just let me have it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Like, I can't even put into words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so put your hands out here. That's right. So put the hands out like this.
Bethany Shadid: How
Bethany Shadid: Yesterday frustrated. I am
Bethany Shadid: That you could
Bethany Shadid: Be upset with me.
Bethany Shadid: For not
Bethany Shadid: calling or texting often enough when
Bethany Shadid: I have
Bethany Shadid: To mentally prepare myself to be around you guys and then deal with the fallout afterwards.
Bethany Shadid: You guys have no willingness
Bethany Shadid: To understand me or
Bethany Shadid: Put yourself in my shoes.
Bethany Shadid: And it's devastating to me.
Bethany Shadid: I can't fix you. I can't change you. I can't make you love me the way that I want to be.
Bethany Shadid: Or believed or trusted
Bethany Shadid: And so I'm left
Bethany Shadid: With the very little.
Bethany Shadid: You're willing to give
Bethany Shadid: And as a 35 year old woman.
Bethany Shadid: The parenting needs to change. I'm not a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling right now.
Bethany Shadid: That's all good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion to parenting needs to change them a 35 year old woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's that emotion. What are we getting close to
Bethany Shadid: Anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that, see if you can find more where you resent me
Gwenevere Abriel: You're right. You've reached a limit.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting to that limit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
Bethany Shadid: I'm so tired of
Bethany Shadid: Emotional
Bethany Shadid: By you got
Bethany Shadid: When
Bethany Shadid: It should be obvious that I'm really struggling
Bethany Shadid: And all you
Bethany Shadid: Is comfort consideration support. I don't need you to do my finances for me. I don't really do you to tell me how to live.
Bethany Shadid: But I would like
Bethany Shadid: Like
Bethany Shadid: Some genuine no strings attached.
Bethany Shadid: comfort and support.
Bethany Shadid: I can't
Bethany Shadid: Ask you to change some things about yourself and how you deal with me.
Bethany Shadid: Then please understand
Bethany Shadid: That is going to limit my ability
Bethany Shadid: To be
Bethany Shadid: With you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can tell me that again.
Bethany Shadid: If you can't change.
Bethany Shadid: Anything about yourself to have a relationship with me.
Bethany Shadid: Please understand,
Bethany Shadid: That I have to limit my time with you.
Bethany Shadid: Because of how traumatic, it can be for me.
Bethany Shadid: The disregard for my well being.
Bethany Shadid: I need to put myself.
Bethany Shadid: First
A brief, brief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just feel that all the way through top of your head all the way. Wash just this perfect temperature of truth washing through you around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: saturating every part of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will take care of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see you will not change. I will take care of myself and keep myself safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And strings are attached
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I accept your generosity, as is. I will not accept
Gwenevere Abriel: This names.
Gwenevere Abriel: you text me a text as a text as a text. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the string for strings attached, you sever the strings.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't see you. They don't see them, you do, and you go
Gwenevere Abriel: To Texas Texas a text.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did that you made this beautiful little thing right here. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if this is about boundaries. If this is about
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I have healthy detachment and I'm responsible for cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Message strings.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way they hook you and get you and pull you like a puppet.
Bethany Shadid: You have meaning to me how quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: And then you know what I realized is that the same thing. I was doing with that argument in my head that going over everything.
Bethany Shadid: I did that with my coworkers, my boss, you know, every time like something would come up i i'd be
Bethany Shadid: In my head, trying to argue my point.
Bethany Shadid: Because it's like, I don't know. Is it that I I don't do that in real life. I don't just say it, you know, in the moment. So I do it in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's, you don't want to make a mistake. I think you you don't want to be wrong. You don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean that the habit of it is is obviously that's in your relationship with your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that that preparation that you busy doing, making sure there's no way I hurt anybody's feelings. Is there any way I could possibly be off wrong mistaken, you run it through the systems check over and over and over that. That's the way it looks to me.
Bethany Shadid: That's a, that's a really good point, yeah, I just thought it was just so you know making that connection of it's exactly the same. That's exactly
Bethany Shadid: I'm doing the same thing, you know.
Bethany Shadid: Trying to learn from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all boils down to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not believing you
Gwenevere Abriel: This is this is that right, I don't believe in what I'm saying what I'm feeling this is happening. I don't need to explain it. I don't need to justify it. This is, this is real for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And by the way, you know, with that texts that you did to your family about I'm not really ready to come over. I'm going to, I'll let you know a little bit. What was that like we didn't even talk about that. That's a real clear limit setting.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: I guess I didn't see it that way because I made it more like
Bethany Shadid: I don't know what my schedule.
Bethany Shadid: I'm used to the lie.
Bethany Shadid: To them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just felt like a lie. Kinda because you're you have less to do you actually have more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. I got you. Okay, so it didn't feel like limit setting you did the lower calling alive. Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Bethany Shadid: Because that's in terms of like worrying about how I dealt with things like the overeating was my rebellion. So as the line I could lie. I knew exactly what they wanted to hear. So I could
Bethany Shadid: Do what I wanted. If I lied.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: which reinforces the problematic. I'm not good enough. So that's a real problem, not because, you know, whatever, but it just doesn't reinforce the thing that I'm wanting for you, which is this inner core of I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine. Right. Right. You know that there's no need to lie.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah think
Bethany Shadid: About it. Honestly, I'm not a dishonest person in general.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just not
Bethany Shadid: very open and honest, except when it comes to them and that just became a coping mechanism.
Bethany Shadid: It was much easier. Like, oh you know all the questioning from my dad much easier to just lie.
Bethany Shadid: Oh yeah yeah I did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so since it's not, you know, pervasive and and you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Quite genuine maybe we won't call it lying. Maybe it's a matter of
Gwenevere Abriel: Making it easy for them to accept.
Gwenevere Abriel: To palette boundary setting because what you're doing is you're making it easy easier for them to accept the the raw which they can't hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're making it easier for them to accept your limit setting. So I don't necessarily, you know, again, there it is. It's adaptive and I don't think I'm using rationalization I indeed think that they can't hear your raw. Some people can take that they are nowhere near ready to to hear
Bethany Shadid: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't even say it out loud. They're not gonna they're just not ready. So you're making. It's actually a kindness, that's a more palatable thing for them to hear. Oh, she's busy.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that I'm sitting here just curled in a bowl for hours, you know, questioning whether I have the right to be angry and tear around your failed parenting, you know, I mean, they're not trying to hear that.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, if anything they want to avoid it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you're you're helping
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just making it easy for them. That's all.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am sorry it is it's necessary sound like it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't eating away at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that way you have to cloak things in kind of fibbing
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it eating away at you.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Like not recent Lee.
Okay.
Bethany Shadid: But I think
Bethany Shadid: My parents view, they don't
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: There are already trust issues with my parents right from everything that happened, but because lying became a coping mechanism. It also
Bethany Shadid: Reinforced them not being able to believe me under percent
Gwenevere Abriel: Not ironic.
Bethany Shadid: Right, right. So it didn't get me what I wanted at all, which is for them to believe
Bethany Shadid: And trust me, and so
Bethany Shadid: I mean, I think.
Bethany Shadid: A lot of times the feeling is when I'm around them.
Bethany Shadid: Is that they just don't know who I am like this person that they're the way they're treating me
Bethany Shadid: I also want to look you know behind me, like who are you talking to, like, if you really knew me
Bethany Shadid: Like this is so outrageous what you're saying. And I realized they just really don't know who I am. And that's the part that
Bethany Shadid: Is frustrating and hard to deal with. Right. Because like with my close friends and everything.
Bethany Shadid: There's a certain amount of understanding where, you know, you just go, oh, that's just Paula, you know, she does that you, you know, don't worry about it, but I don't have that with because they don't know
Bethany Shadid: I honestly at one point really like had to like ask myself like
Bethany Shadid: Who do they think that I am you know like I
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet you could do that behavioral experiment in a light hearted way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey mom. Just curious. Um, when you're describing me to to your girlfriends. How do you describe me
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Do you think that you'd be interested in knowing
Bethany Shadid: Um, I don't know if they would be open about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into that that light hearted kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just happened to be around them. Oh, you were, you were always talking about you to baba friends at church, and I mentioned, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: They had never met you before. And I was talking about you. Oh really. I always wondered how do people you know how we see ourselves differently than other people do. Mom, how do you describe me and you notice happy voice.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Bethany Shadid: Don't know I
Bethany Shadid: Can think of no no I think she'd be open for it.
Bethany Shadid: The only thing I've ever
Bethany Shadid: What came up, I guess what came up for me when you said that was
Bethany Shadid: My mom.
Bethany Shadid: In describing meet other people, the family friends that we grew up with the people that she knows that know me.
Bethany Shadid: She loves to gossip about me and my brother and sister.
Bethany Shadid: And so
Bethany Shadid: Because, well I don't know exactly why, but I assume it's because of all the attention she gets from different things. So she tends to talk about the really awful stuff like my health stuff. Okay. Like if she she doesn't
Bethany Shadid: Think about, oh, maybe she wouldn't want everybody to know that thought. Never cursed her. So I've actually had people
Bethany Shadid: Like approach me
Bethany Shadid: And tell me they're praying for me because of
Bethany Shadid: You know X, Y, and Z or whatever. And you're like, Wait, what
Bethany Shadid: How did you know about that so
Bethany Shadid: Um, but yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know.
Bethany Shadid: How it would go, it would be interesting to ask them and see what they said.
Gwenevere Abriel: She knows she knows you're in therapy right
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, oh yeah, and they question every once in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's talk about that in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it could be something like, Hey, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a little, little thing, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: How I describe myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just curious when you're talking to your friends. How do you describe me
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, pulling light hearted and if they don't dip into defensiveness, like, well, why are you asking, you know, if it gets uncomfortable. You just back off. But if it's playful and it's received it might be an interesting thing, because maybe she'll take a moment and pause
Bethany Shadid: Think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about it.
Bethany Shadid: That would be
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're the you're the audience. So she's got it.
Bethany Shadid: She's
Bethany Shadid: That's what I'm worried about is that she would. What I would get out of her wouldn't be
Bethany Shadid: Real like she'd be saying lovely things just to
Gwenevere Abriel: That. But we have to write this is where you cut
Bethany Shadid: Cut the ties. I know I'm so good at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you accept it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So nice to be seen that way. I didn't know you thought of me that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you stop questioning what she's saying if you accept things just the way they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well gosh it's nice to be thought of that way. I didn't know that. That's nice. I like that. Cool. And off you go. Right.
Bethany Shadid: That would be so different. Yeah, you see.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were rejecting it earlier, what you did. She'll. She'll be but you know second tier analysis, just take it and say thank you. I like that image that you have me. I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I don't know if it's going to be, oh, that's kind of what I thought, or I didn't know that. I don't know what it'll be but you accept it and then she stuck thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't know what she'll be stuck maybe good
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's an experiment, do it. Don't do it. It's just a thought.
Bethany Shadid: Same with dad. Yeah, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: It's very
Bethany Shadid: Well experiment.
Bethany Shadid: For so many reasons, not just to hear it. But would I be able to accept it without putting a spin on it. Yeah, putting that string on it. Oh, she's just saying this because blah, blah, blah. Because that's right where I go.
Bethany Shadid: Right. Yeah. That would be interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be prepared that she might ask you the same question.
Bethany Shadid: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: Actually, I've had to describe her multiple hurt. Yeah, I kind of have my
Bethany Shadid: I immediately thought of what I would say.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's got so many outward positive things on the super on the surface that it's you can come up with.
Bethany Shadid: That's why it's messy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Matheson helpful. You see, you know, you can come up with those and and you know charismatic and you can come up with all kinds of stuff.
Right.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I know. She looks like an angel.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, yeah, that that part is easy. So
Bethany Shadid: But yeah, no. My parents have questioned.
Bethany Shadid: It kept going.
Bethany Shadid: To like after
Bethany Shadid: Like will be, you know, in an argument or whatever my data pipe and will be like, Are you sure this is this. What's your counselors telling you to do or
Bethany Shadid: Is this really help. Are you sure are you really getting anything out of it. What is she, or my mom if she doesn't like something that you know she's doing she, I don't know.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, it's if this is what you're getting out of counseling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this is not helpful.
Bethany Shadid: Right, exactly. How dare your counselor make you believe that we are not
Bethany Shadid: Just wonderful
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that like
Gwenevere Abriel: That you care. I think you like the work that you and I are doing. So you have your own opinion. We have someone kind of sneer at it a bit. What's that like
Bethany Shadid: I got pretty defensive
Bethany Shadid: Right away. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't it
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, it was anger, because it's like
Bethany Shadid: How dare you, like, try to poo poo, or like
Bethany Shadid: Negatively
Bethany Shadid: Impact me when I'm trying to get help. Like, don't you see like you rather me just continue on as you know what i mean i think i took it more that way when they question he like
Bethany Shadid: Oh, how dare I not be under your influence anymore.
Bethany Shadid: Or not be under your complete control.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, almost like a
Bethany Shadid: Like a fear from them is what I took like a
Bethany Shadid: Not liking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Us how
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, the change is not something they like
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to praise that for just a second. You know what that says. You just got in real time without any coaxing any prompting your parents see you changing
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a compliment, although it's a threat to them, but in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a compliment, because
Bethany Shadid: It's true. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not this little you know chess piece I'm moving around like usual. Usually I can make her cry. I can usually get her related to fall apart than I know I'm in control, but it when the more you stay vertical right they're seeing it.
Bethany Shadid: That's very interesting because
Bethany Shadid: What came up for me is
Bethany Shadid: During high school
Bethany Shadid: When I went to public school for the two years when
Bethany Shadid: I was home schooled and then I did public school for the junior, senior year and
Bethany Shadid: That was an especially rough time. And I think a big part of it was that I was influencing me was changing. I was more defiance and
Bethany Shadid: My mom.
Bethany Shadid: Would
Bethany Shadid: lay in bed into me for hours.
Bethany Shadid: But one of the things that really like that she would bring up was that she she would say, I don't know who you are anymore. I don't know.
Bethany Shadid: This person, but this is not my daughter, you know, anytime I would change or grow this, this would come out. I don't know who you are anymore. If I don't like this person. You're not my daughter.
Bethany Shadid: She would pull out all the stops to try and keep me
Bethany Shadid: Still be in control. Like, take my car away like every, you know, anything that she could it threatened for that much.
Bethany Shadid: I didn't see it that way back then. Right. But definitely now so
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, very, very interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last bit. Notice that it was
Gwenevere Abriel: easier for you to come to your therapist events, don't, don't put down this person I care about and I like how I feel. I feel known heard understood with her. Notice how is easy to defend me
Bethany Shadid: But
Gwenevere Abriel: When you track it back really my analysis of that is
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's your truth. What happens in here is your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so in a way and I know you were out really kind of coming to my defense, but really what you're doing is for a moment you were able to get angry in defense of your truth. This is who I am. Don't Pooh, pooh it this is I'm getting real I'm really honest I'm this is this is who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why I'm me when I'm in there. Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: don't minimize it. So although is easier to do it in protection of me really underneath that it's you standing up for yourself. It's just we can cloak it with defending someone else because it it versus you saying, Hey, Mom.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really cared for in there and you know because it won't go in. Well, she won't hear it. She'll hear all of it as a threat, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You did muster some anger.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Honestly, I will known
Bethany Shadid: That the the tiles I able to be assertive is in defense of somebody else like especially my patients.
Bethany Shadid: And I think it's like, I don't know, it's
Bethany Shadid: I think just learning in school. You know, as a nurse. That's our job we advocate for our patient
Bethany Shadid: Exactly. That was how I was able to detach it once it became like I was a puddle of tears, but
Bethany Shadid: I was able to do that. I, I just never thought of it is
Bethany Shadid: But yeah, you're right.
Bethany Shadid: It's in defense of
Bethany Shadid: Myself, in a way, you're going to just haven't thought of it that way, and
Gwenevere Abriel: The imagery. You've had of of your adult self taking care of the little girl defending the inner child.
Gwenevere Abriel: That where she has been misunderstood not known not believed the healing comes in making sure you you stand up for her.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know, I'm, I'm getting a lot of therapy. I no one cares about me or whatever your true because really anything you say that's content, they'll just drive right over that, but you just have that deep knowing you know what you know and that's the advocacy is just led by
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, there they go, doing what they do but aren't I fortunate to have found someone that I can connect with
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When do we want to meet again. And what's what's uh, what's your plan, what, how can I help with medication and what's coming next, what do I need to do.
Bethany Shadid: Well I, I asked last week about going to group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, tomorrow.
Bethany Shadid: That there was a new one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I got you down here group I put group Bethany at noon tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. And, and you have enough medicine to get you to tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, or out
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, cool. Then I'll see you tomorrow.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, see you later. Bye.
Bye.